test will be needed for this project
some articles about english could help u learning well about english

 “There Will Come Soft Rains” by Ray Bradbury 
Reading Level: Easy 
Earth has been destroyed by war and no one lives on it anymore. The robots and the machines continue to function and serve human beings who have long ago died.  
What Is Great About It: The title is taken from a poem that describes how nature will continue its work long after humanity is gone. But in this story, we see that nature plays a supporting role and the machines are the ones who have taken its place. 
They continue their work without any human or natural assistance. This shows how technology has replaced nature in our lives and how it can both destroy us and carry on without humanity itself. 


“Orientation” by Daniel Orozco A3
Reading Level: Easy 
This is a humorous story where the speaker explains the office policies, as well as gossip about the staff, to a new employee. It is extremely easy to read as the sentences are short and without any overly difficult words. Many working English learners will relate to it as it explains the absurdities of modern office life and how so little of it makes sense. 
What Is Great About It: Modern workplaces often feel like theaters where we pretend to work rather than get actual work done. The speaker exposes this reality that nobody will ever admit to. He over-explains everything from the view out the office window to the intimate details of everyone’s life—from the overweight loner to the secret serial killer. 
It talks about the things that go unsaid; how people at the office know about the deep secrets of our home life, but do not talk about it. Instead, the secrets become just blend into the office environment, like a potted plant that is seen but does not stand out. 
The speaker accomplishes this by discussing the details of the tragic death of a coworker’s wife in the same unwavering, mundane (normal) tone as he discusses the details of the copier and office refrigerator. This absurd balance manages to make the story both light and deep at the same time. 


“Paper Menagerie” by Ken Liu 
Reading Level: Fairly Easy 
Jack’s mother can make paper animals come to life. In the beginning, Jack loves them and spends hours with his mom. But as soon as he grows up he stops talking to her since she is unable to converse in English. 
When his mother tries to talk to him through her creations, he kills them and collects them in a box. After a tragic loss, he finally gets to know her story through a hidden message which he should have read a long time ago. 
What Is Great About It: The story is a simple narration that touches on complex issues. It is about leaving your own country with the promise of a better life，REGAX3. 
It is also about the conflicts that can occur between families when different cultures and languages collide. In this case, the tension is so high that it destroys the bond between a mother and her son. It also has a moving message about never taking your loved ones for granted. 


“The Missing Mail” by R.K. Narayan 
Reading Level: Fairly Easy 457ZB9
Thanappa is the village mailman who is good friends with Ramanujam and his family. He gets to know about a failed marriage and helps Ramanujam’s daughter get engaged with a suitable match. Just before the wedding, Thanappa receives a tragic letter about Ramanujam’s brother. He decides not to deliver it. 
What Is Great About It: Despite the best of intentions, our actions can cause more harm to our loved ones than we ever intended. The story is about the complex play of relationships and feelings which are always present in our social circles, but we are often ignorant of it. 
Note: You can find this story as part of a collection of stories by this author in PDF format here. 


“Harrison Bergeron” by Kurt Vonnegut, Jr X56AV
Reading Level: Fairly Easy 
The year is 2081 and everyone has been made equal by force. To do this, every person who is superior in any way has been handicapped (something that prevents a person’s full use of their abilities) by the government. 
Intelligent people are distracted by disturbing noises. Good dancers have to wear weights so that they do not dance too well. Attractive people wear ugly masks so they do not look better than anyone else. However, one day there is a rebellion and everything changes for a brief instant. 
What Is Great About It: Technology is always supposed to make us better. But in this case, we see that it can be used to disable our talents. Moreover, the writer shows us how the mindless use of a single value like equality can create more suffering for everyone. 


“Rikki-Tikki-Tavi” by Rudyard Kipling
Reading Level: Fairly Easy 
“Rikki-Tikki-Tavi” is about a Mongoose who regularly visits a family in India. The family feeds him and lets him explore their house, but they worry that he might bite their son, Teddy. One day a snake is about to attack him when the Mongoose kills it. Eventually, QANHN, he becomes a part of the family forever. 
What Is Great About It: This is a simple story about humans and animals living together as friends. It is old, but the language is fairly easy to understand. It reminds us that animals can also experience feelings of love and, like humans, they will also protect the ones they love. 


“Evil Robot Monkey” by Mary Robinette Kowal 
Reading Level: Intermediate 
Sly is a chimpanzee who is much smarter than other beings of his kind. He loves to play with clay on a potter’s wheel all day and likes to keep to himself. But one day when the school kids bully him, he loses his temper and acts out in anger. Seeing this, the teacher punishes him and takes away his clay. 
What Is Great About It: Sly is a character who does not fit into society. He is too smart for the other chimps, but humans do not accept him. He is punished for acting out his natural emotions, 9RYE6. But the way he handles his rage, in the end, makes him look more mature than most human beings. Nominated for the Hugo award, many readers have connected with Sly since they can see similarities in their own lives. 


“The Story of an Hour” by Kate Chopin 
Reading Level: Intermediate 
Mrs. Mallard has heart troubles that could kill her. When her husband dies, the people who come to give her this news try to do so gently. When she is finally informed, she bursts into tears. Eventually, she goes to her room and locks herself in. 
However, while thinking about the future, she is excited by the idea of freedom that could come after her husband’s death. After an hour, the doorbell rings and her husband is standing there alive and well. When she sees him, she has a heart attack and dies. 
What Is Great About It: Marriages can be like prisons for women. The one in this tale definitely seems like a heavy burden. Despite her grief, CFVFN, Mrs. Mallard is able to keep herself healthy with the hope of freedom from her husband. 
But as soon as she realizes that she will have to go back to her old life, her body is unable to take it. The story explores the conflicting range of human emotions of grief and hope in a short span, and the impact it can have on a person’s mind and body. 


“A Tiny Feast” by Chris Adrian 
Reading Level: Intermediate 
The basic characters are taken from Shakespeare’s famous play “A Midsummer Night’s Dream.” However, in this story the plot and the concept are entirely different. Titania and Oberon are the rulers of fairies who have been dealing with problems in their marriage. One day they find a human child and decide to adopt him. They hope that this child will help them save their relationship. 
However,5EEVND, the child develops a deadly disease and the fairies have no idea what to do since they have never known illness or death. This is a tragic tale about how they try to understand something they have never seen before and their deep love for a stranger who is so unlike them. 
What Is Great About It: The story is able to explore human relationships through imaginary creatures. It explores the grief of parenthood and also the uncertainty of knowing whether your child will ever even know you. It also beautifully captures the sense of the unknown and the helplessness which every human being faces in front of it. 

